c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\TableCrib.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\MyTitleBar.g.i.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\MyTitleBar.g.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\NavigationRootPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\NavigationRootPage.g.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\Views\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\Views\BlankPage1.g.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\MyTitleBar.xaml
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\NavigationRootPage.xaml
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\Views\BlankPage1.xaml
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\MyTitleBar.xbf
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\NavigationRootPage.xbf
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\Views\BlankPage1.xbf
c:\users\kellan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TableCrib\TableCrib\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
